Spotify is looking for Backend Engineers to join our Platform - Developer Experience engineering organization. Developer Experience is a critical enabler of the work other Spotify Engineers do, by providing development environments, libraries, and the vital testing infrastructure needed to write the products that Spotify is known for.
Location

New York or Remote Americas
Job type

Permanent
Come join our cross-functional team of passionate engineers dedicated to providing the best possible developer experience.
We,re looking to add someone who is ready to build and support the many and varied backend systems that power our test infrastructure offerings. Above all, your work will affect the way software at Spotify is written.

We,re looking to add someone who is ready to build and support the many and varied backend systems that power our test infrastructure offerings. Above all, your work will impact the way software at Spotify is written.
What you'll do

Design, develop and deploy backend services with a focus on high quality and scalability
Build and operate testing infrastructure, testing support libraries, data pipeline services, and reporting systems
Collaborate closely with other engineers and become a valued member of an autonomous, impactful, cross-functional team
Take operational responsibility for the services that are owned by your team, potentially including taking part in an on-call rotation
Work in an environment that supports your individual growth
Who you are:

You have 1+ year of experience doing backend or full stack web development
You are comfortable writing Java or Python (or even better - both!)
You are comfortable helping write, own, and maintain a wide variety of services
You are comfortable running your software in Linux environments
You are interested in modern engineering quality practices, like continuous delivery and automated testing
You have good understanding of data structures and algorithms, and understand how to apply them to design pragmatic solutions
Where you'll be:

We are a distributed workforce enabling our band members to find a work mode that is best for them!
Where in the world? For this role, it can be within the Americas region in which we have a work location and is within working hours.
Working hours? We operate within the Eastern Standard time zone for collaboration and ask that all be located in that time zone.
Prefer to work from home instead? Not a problem! We have plenty of options for your working preferences. Find more information about our Work From Anywhere options here.
Our global benefits

Extensive learning opportunities, through our dedicated team, GreenHouse.
Flexible share incentives letting you choose how you share in our success.
Global parental leave, six months off - fully paid - for all new parents.
All The Feels, our employee assistance program and self-care hub.
Flexible public holidays, swap days off according to your values and beliefs.
Spotify On Tour, join your colleagues on trips to industry festivals and events.
Learn about life at Spotify

Spotify is an equal opportunity employer. You are welcome at Spotify for who you are, no matter where you come from, what you look like, or what’s playing in your headphones. Our platform is for everyone, and so is our workplace. The more voices we have represented and amplified in our business, the more we will all thrive, contribute, and be forward-thinking! So bring us your personal experience, your perspectives, and your background. It’s in our differences that we will find the power to keep revolutionizing the way the world listens.

Spotify transformed music listening forever when we launched in 2008. Our mission is to unlock the potential of human creativity by giving a million creative artists the opportunity to live off their art and billions of fans the chance to enjoy and be passionate about these creators. Everything we do is driven by our love for music and podcasting. Today, we are the world’s most popular audio streaming subscription service with a community of more than 381 million users.

This position is not eligible to be performed in Colorado.
